Add support for distil-large-v3 (#755)
SYSTRAN/faster-whisper: README.md

segments, _ = model.transcribe("audio.mp3")
segments = list(segments)  # The transcription will actually run here.
```
### Faster Distil-Whisper

The Distil-Whisper checkpoints are compatible with the Faster-Whisper package. In particular, the latest [distil-large-v3](https://huggingface.co/distil-whisper/distil-large-v3)

> checkpoint is designed to give one-to-one equivalence with the Faster-Whisper transcription algorithm. The following code snippet 

Author: ```suggestion
checkpoint is intrinsically designed to work with the Faster-Whisper transcription algorithm. The following code snippet 
```
